docs(breaking-changes): typos and markdownlint (#1009)
ratatui-org/ratatui: BREAKING-CHANGES.md

# Breaking Changes

This document contains a list of breaking changes in each version and some notes to help migrate

> between versions. It is compiled manually from the commit history and change log. We also tag PRs on

Reviewer: We use `changelog` in some other places. I would prefer we revert this change to keep things consistent.

Author: ```suggestion
between versions. It is compiled manually from the commit history and changelog. We also tag PRs on
```

## [v0.22.0](https://github.com/ratatui-org/ratatui/releases/tag/v0.22.0)

### `bitflags` updated to 2.3 ([#205])

[#205]: https://github.com/ratatui-org/ratatui/issues/205

The `serde` representation of `bitflags` has changed. Any existing serialized types that have Borders or
Modifiers will need to be re-serialized. This is documented in the [`bitflags`

> change log](https://github.com/bitflags/bitflags/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#200-rc2)..

Reviewer 2: Let's add this to the typos dictionary - it's reasonable to use this as a correct word.

Author: So… 'changelog' or 'change log'?

Reviewer 2: "changelog"

Author: The tool `typos` is not annoyed by it. LanguageTool is. → No change in this repo required.

Author: ```suggestion
changelog](https://github.com/bitflags/bitflags/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#200-rc2)..
```
